Hi again,
I'll now be talking about the T5 model.
The T5 model could be used
on several NLP tasks.
And it's also uses a similar
training strategy to birds.
Concretely it makes use of transfer
learning and mask language modeling.
The T5 model also uses
transformers when training.
So let's take a look at how you can use
this model in your own applications.
So we're going to understand how T5 works.
Then you're going to recognize
the different types of attention used.
And team overview of
the model architecture.
So T5 Transformers known as
the text to text transformer, and
you can use it in classification.
You can use it for question answering,
to answer a question.
You can use it for machine translation.
You can use it for summarization and
you can use it for sentiments.
And there are other applications
that you can use T5 for, but
we'll focus on these four now.
So the model architecture and the way the
pre-training is done first of all is you
have an original text, something like
this where you have, thank you for
inviting me to your party last week.
So you mask this certain words so
for inviting me last,
and then you replace it with these
tokens like brackets X brackets Y.
So brackets X corresponding to for
inviting and
brackets Y corresponding to last.
And your targets are going to be brackets
X for inviting, brackets Y last and
these tokens or these brackets like
they keep going in increments order.
So then it's bracket Z, then maybe
brackets A brackets B and so forth.
So each bracket corresponds
to a certain target.
The model architecture and
different transformer architecture
variance that we're going to consider for
the attention part here.
So we start with the basic
encoder-decoder representation.
So you can see over here you have fully
visible attention in the encoder and
then causal attention in the decoder.
And then you have the general
encoder-decoder representation just as
notation.
So light gray lines
correspond to causal masking.
And dark gray lines correspond
to the fully visible masking.
So on the left as I said again, it's
the standard encoder-decoder architecture.
In the middle over here what we have,
we have the language model which consists
of a single transformer layer stack.
And it's being fed the concatenation
of the inputs and the target.
So it uses causal masking throughout
as you can see because they're
all gray lines.
And you have X1 going inside over here,
get at X2,
X2 goes into the model X3 and so forth.
Now over here to the right,
we have prefix language model which
corresponds to allowing fully
visible masking over the inputs as
you can see here in the dark arrows.
And then causal masking in the rest.
So as you can see over here,
it's doing causal masking.
So the model architecture,
it uses encoder/decoder stack.
It has 12 transformer blocks each.
So you can think of it as a dozen eggs and
then 220 million parametres.
So in summary, you've seen
prefix language model attention.
You've seen the model architecture for T5.
And you've seen how the pre-training
is done similar to birds, but
we just use mask language modeling here.
You now have an overview
of the transformer 5 model.
You know how to train it, and you've seen
that you can use it on multiple tasks.
In the next video I'll be talking about
a few training strategies for this model.
See you in the next video.